Whoever loses will die
Who dare you?
Hmph, I have been memorizing 300 Tang poems since I was in elementary school
I will scold you, why don't you dare?
Bet on who loses and who dies
Good, good, the emperor as evidence
If you cheat
Is to deceive the king
Father requests that you cancel the bet
bet for profit
How can you cancel it at will?
Princess don't worry
Even if you tie him up
Not my opponent either
Since you want to die so much
Then be autistic
Princess, to express my love for you
I worked hard
The warlock made a magpie bridge fairy mother
It's what I did last night again
Xianyunnong Bridge Flying Star Hate
Silver man far and dark
Golden wind and jade dew meet
There are countless victories in the world
Princess, you feel my love for you
OK
This poem will surely become a masterpiece again
Hahaha
Dong Gongzi can really make a masterpiece
Hongong
Wrong you don't
Princess, I also made this poem
Tong Gongzi, you are really shameless
Stole my poem last night
Now used to deceive the princess's feelings
presumptuous
Are you insulting the reputation of our Dong family?
Do you really think our Dong family's knife can't kill people?